and we are back with the
delicious cookies with sparks
chocolate perfect and ideal for
little girls
cookies and know that to give away
because then it happens not for
mike that we are going to send you are here and
in each one we are going to put a candle with
a dedication that say chicharr贸n
in the form of lionfish from
tigers and yellow flowers
well this recipe is very simple and
I have all my ingredients carry a
little butter also some
sugar muscovado eggs essence
vanilla powder to bake flour and
also real chocolate sprinkles
and it's very simple to do so is that
I will put before I start doing my
first batidillo will put the
butter that is at temperature
environment if you are taking out the
fridge
so I invite you to never melt it 10
seconds in the microwave or look I'm going to
put the muscovado sugar
Now we are going to put the little stick and I'm going to
whipping cream this type of recipes is
great for children then good yo
also because he 's a brother and I'm
thinking not so is that if you invite the
little friends of the kids and then it's
father to put them like they already ate
and the whole show and they get hungry out there
of the four or five p.m. them
can put cookies if not so good
for the night they are so pitar mom
put him quietly
no account is given and they will put fiber
in the street super well saved the
saved do not know adhered to the
flour is extraordinary nothing more than
before putting it the flax seeds do not
you have to crush them and then
incorporate it is important that they are
crushed because otherwise the
nutrients to the intestine but they pass
intact and then took the
fiber or anything the lines there are that
Feel them a little bit and put them on
Bavosi are worth putting but I have
to the chia or know not good
We are going to put the eggs waiting for you
in God
this is a little egg
here weird that it detonated really I
agreement that makes experiments in the
science class and it was very rare that
they thundered an egg
three little eggs and we're going to beat it
Now put the vanilla
and we are going to put the baking powder
with the flour
and now we are going to make a mix and
just with a spoon you front what
I achieved
then because I feel that it is delicate
I do not know why I feel that what
We feel the same thing is not and notice that no
It is a roll of confidence and it is rambito
a roll that really is in four
legs to do everything you have
flour where it has four legs
the goal is not to be stained
nobody but here just in cello towards the
giant
Well, no
where to know where
if the man asks to see your money that
forgive the
and now
good the chocolate district
and she started claiming the money
good to my taste and it seems like everything
well mixed then
let's start making some balls
pretty look a little bit smaller
more so then chiquitas
here is my daughter
this is the right javi is not like that
little girls not a little spark has not no you
is going to ignore fabri let's grab
another little bit like that
and I think he exaggerates xavi like that
A) Yes
ok I have to make houses too
nothing more because it was your birthday because
if not
we regret the good trope we are going to put
you're ok and we're going to put them in a
little plate and we will give them a place
sight let's make several of these
balls and then we'll take it to
oven at 180 degrees about 20 minutes
maz贸n between 20 and 25 minutes 31 30 years
plus
i'm any
they stay
then it says to me that without crushing
let's get out of the balls
if it is a little ball in an imaginary world
and dwell
it's a lion you saw that being fine
cast
I did not pass plasticine 1
ni tijerita 2
to these
not what had nice lyrics and we're going to
make another little ball here one more and the
we take to the oven
one more ball and we will take it to
oven I repeat at 180 degrees for about 20-25
minutes to be baked
then raise them 180
and 20
or
and there are not that many 20 minutes to be
order and you check it and the result
of these delicious cookies are these
Delicious cookies
you believe that the size really if
It was good I want to try
is
not having to be in a house because it is
so smooth dating
comets are perfect they are delicious
and with this move
macchi
happy birthday hey and talking about
chicharr贸n you can with an ice cream
chicharr贸n over mouth you do not
nest not to miss
good in the following way accompanies them